remove mention of building blocks and blocks from documentation (#1660)
open-contracting/standard: docs/schema/index.md

In this section you will find the schemas for [releases](release) and [records](record) along with the schemas for [packaging](packaging/index.md), which act as envelopes for releases and records.

> The [release schema reference](reference) provides guidance on using each of the [sections](reference.md#release-structure) and [objects](reference.md#object-reference) in the schema, and the [record schema reference](records_reference) provides additional information on publishing records with compiled and versioned releases.

Reviewer: See suggested changes to `reference.md`.
```suggestion
The [release schema reference](reference) provides guidance on using each of the [sections](reference.md#release-structure) and [sub-schemas](reference.md#sub-schema-reference) in the schema, and the [record schema reference](records_reference) provides additional information on publishing records with compiled and versioned releases.
```

> The [release schema reference](reference) provides guidance on using each of the [sections](reference.md#release-structure) and [subschemas](reference.md#subschema-reference) in the schema, and the [record schema reference](records_reference) provides additional information on publishing records with compiled and versioned releases.

Reviewer: Use field/object/array instead of section.

```suggestion
The [release schema reference](reference) provides guidance on using each of the [fields](reference.md#release-structure) and [subschemas](reference.md#subschema-reference) in the schema, and the [record schema reference](records_reference) provides additional information on publishing records with compiled and versioned releases.
```
